- [Narrator] Before starting this course,
let's explore what skills and knowledge you will need.
This course is targeted at intermediate
and advanced developers.
In order to truly be successful in this course,
you should have experienced with Java
and a solid understanding of Spring framework
and Spring Boot.
It'll also be helpful to have some exposure
to functional programming, and streams and lambdas
that were introduced with Java 8.
Previous experience with JUnit testing is nice to have,
but since we will be doing hands on exercises from scratch,
you will quickly pick up the essentials.
Our focus will be on the latest versions
of Java 15 and Spring Boot,
current 2.4 with supporting APIs.
Throughout this course, we will be using IntelliJ IDE,
but any Java IDE is sufficient with this course.